README.md, before:


# eCSScape Room

A browser escape-room game that runs without any JavaScript on the clientside.

This project is currently in its very beginning phase. The story has yet to be thought out, the main mechanics are still being explored, and the project architecture and build process are still in the works. I definitely see myself needing help with the story-writing and with the artwork to achieve the level of polish I'm imagining. Once I have prototyped those things and set some baselines, I will open up to ideas, feedback, and contributions.

Part of my personal motivation here is to learn React (albeit without any reactivity at runtime), and to play with CSS and make it do amazing things. I want to make something that is delightful to play even for a non-technical audience, and (hopefully somewhat) awe-inspiring to frontend web-developers.

The build process here is very different than that of my other large web-project, [snakey](https://github.com/david-fong/snakey3), which uses WebPack. Instead, since the end-goal is to generate static html with _no JavaScript_, this project uses ts-node and a combination of require-hooks, postcss, and a typescript plugin for CSS modules.

Commit message:

update readme concerning project status

README.md, after:


# eCSScape Room

A browser escape-room game that runs without any JavaScript on the clientside.

This project is currently in its very beginning phase. The story has yet to be thought out, the main mechanics are still being explored, and the project architecture and build process are still in the works. I definitely see myself needing help with the story-writing and with the artwork to achieve the level of polish I'm imagining. Once I have prototyped those things and set some baselines, I will open up to ideas, feedback, and contributions.

Part of my personal motivation here is to learn React (albeit without any reactivity at runtime), and to play with CSS and make it do amazing things. I want to make something that is delightful to play even for a non-technical audience, and (hopefully somewhat) awe-inspiring to frontend web-developers.

The build process here is very different than that of my other large web-project, [snakey](https://github.com/david-fong/snakey3), which uses WebPack. Instead, since the end-goal is to generate static html with _no JavaScript_, this project uses ts-node and a combination of postcss and a typescript plugin for CSS modules.

## Status Update 2021 Jan. 23rd

I've learned how to set up a build process for a zero-javascript static site using react and typescript. I've learned about how to set up CSS Modules in the build process and IDE. I went into this project without a clear idea on what I wanted to create, and until I come up with that, I'll only be wasting my time staring at a screen. I'm putting this aside for now (after only starting it a few days ago). I'm really happy with what I've learned in the process. I've also learned that I really like setting up the technical side of projects.
